---
sidebar:
  title: "diary"
  nav: sidebar-diary
title: "June 14 2023 diary"
excerpt: "Today, my mother and I stepped out into the garden where the sunlight was just right."

toc: false
toc_sticky: true

classes: wide

categories:
  - diary
tags:
  - [diary, daily]

depth:
  - title: "diary"
    url: /diary/
  - title: "daily"
    url: /diary/daily/
---
Today, my mother and I stepped out into the garden where the sunlight was just right. We harvested leaves from mature lettuce and plucked thick peppers. In the midst of busily collecting crops, a person with a deep knowledge of agriculture approached us. This person shared a precious piece of advice regarding the harvesting of peppers. "By plucking the leaves at the bottom, nutrients are directed to the peppers, helping them grow more abundantly," they said.

We continued our insightful conversation, during which I expressed my passion for agriculture. We discussed my strong interest in smart farming. However, this person recommended traditional soil-based farming over smart farming. When I asked for the reason, they said life coexists with microbes living in the soil.

Their stories about soil were fascinating, but it was a bit difficult to fully understand. This person had an in-depth knowledge of microbes. So, as I plan for smart farming, I think I need to consider how to utilize soil instead of hydroponics.

I understand the unique charm of plants grown in soil and the sense of stability provided by soil. I feel the need to research and learn more about the potential and examples of soil-based smart farming.

That's all for today's diary entry. Goodbye and looking forward to our next meeting~

[get to the top](#){: .btn .btn--primary }{: .align-right}