---
title: "June 26 2023 diary"

categories:
  - dailydiary
tags:
  - [diary, daily]

classes: wide

toc: false
toc_sticky: true

date: 2023-05-26 12:33:00 +0900
last_modified_at: 2023-05-26 12:33:00 +0900

header:
  teaser:
excerpt: "While listening to the sound of raindrops."
---
The monsoon season has begun in the region where I live. A torrent of rain from the morning made the commute to work challenging. It took me an hour and fifteen minutes one way to reach my workplace. Today was indeed a hectic day filled with tasks. It wasn't just the workload; dealing with people also made it strenuous. And for some reason, I can't seem to find my appetite. I don't know why, but I just don't feel like eating. As my day at work came to an end, I decided to visit the library near my workplace, planning to study and wind down.

I initially intended to study, but suddenly I found myself wanting to read a book. The title of the book was 'finding my virginity'. The author of the book is Richard Charles Nicholas Branson, a British entrepreneur. He is the chairman of the Virgin Group and is credited with growing the Virgin Group into a multinational corporation.

I took a seat on the comfortable sofa to start reading, but then I noticed that the windows next to me were wide open. The rain started to pour heavily, and the sound of it hitting the ground was audible. The library is next to a forest, and I could hear the raindrops striking the trees, the earth, and the stones.

In the morning, I was annoyed with the rain that disrupted my commute, but now, comfortably seated on the sofa, I found myself enjoying the sound of the rain instead of studying or reading the book. It seemed odd, but today I just wanted to listen to the rain. I never knew the sound of rain could be so pleasant. It reminded me of those rain ASMR videos on YouTube. The rhythm of the rain was unpredictable; sometimes it was heavy, other times light. I thoroughly enjoyed it.

As I listened to the sound of the rain, lying on the comfortable sofa, I thought I might just take a short nap. It felt like this was what happiness and life were all about. On reflection, it seems happiness is nothing extravagant and can be found quite easily. And it appears that happiness often finds us serendipitously. The day started off on a sour note, but I'm ending it with a healing experience before heading home. I am a happy person.

Suddenly, with all this rain pouring down, I find myself worrying about the tomatoes in my field. I wonder if the tomato plants I had sown are surviving this rain. But that's a thought for another day. Until tomorrow then, bye.

[get to the top](#){: .btn .btn--primary }{: .align-right}
